this is a quick overview of the traffic
feature on go Kibo navigator for the
iPhone I've already brought up LAX on my
map and I'm going to use the Go button
to get mine directions calculating route
make the next legal u-turn traffic
congestion reported ahead in point seven
mile on i-5 north okay so what you heard
there were the real-time traffic updates
coming down and the voice prompts Phila
if I look at the steps of my trip I can
see that there is generally moderate
traffic and each individual step has the
indicators of the traffic severity so
looking at the California Highway West I
can see the traffic is severe and
there's an incident I push into that
and this is an actual description of the
incident it looks like there's a
scheduled closure going back to the
navigation screen okay so this is the
overall traffic severity if I take a
look at this from this screen I can
choose the detour
and that's it that's traffic on go Kibo
navigator for the iPhone nerds left on
i-5 North for nineteen point one miles
traffic congestion reported ahead to the
next eight point nine miles